

Advantages of House Plants and their maintenance tips

Key Words

 - House Plants
 - Fresh Air
 - Air Purifier
 - Indoor Plant Maintenance
 - 

Homes can be made vibrant and colorful by adding house plants. This will not only enhance the living space but add color to the house and the life on people living in the house. Some of the benefits of house plants are that they reduce stress, improve quality of air inside the house, add decor to the house and in some cases add meaning to ones personal space. 

Choosing the right plant is key and experts from nurseries can help make the selection from wide variety of plants. It is known fact that plants purify the air quality by releasing oxygen and remove harmful toxins from the air. Examples of indoor plants which improve air quality are peace lilies, garden mums, snake plant, various types of bamboo plants, and english ivy famously known for its air filtering qualities.

Many plants are edible and can be used in cooking. It will be very fullfilling to grow herbs and plants which are edible and use them in your salad, dishes and drinks. 

Plants are known to contain essential oils which help in maintaining the health of the skin and add moisturizing. Plants like Aloe Vera which are easy to grow and easily available are know for skin healing qualities. Other plants like lavender, camomile etc also have essential oils. Plants which are edible and can be easily grown inside the house are various types of herbs like Mint, marigold, hibiscus.

They enrich personal space, especially with work from home gaining craze these days. Small plants can be added to work space to add vibrance and also improve mood during work. 

Adding house plants not only benits once self but also is great benifit to the environment. NASA is doing study on house plants and hoping to add them in space stations if feasible in the future.

Some of the tips to maintain the plants, note that there are various nurseries offering convinient plans providing maintenance for very low monthly & yearly plans.
 - 




https://www.swansonsnursery.com/blog/2014/10/20/houseplants-that-clean-the-air-nasa-list
 






https://www.bluebarrelsystems.com/blog/benefits-of-houseplants/
Https://nbcnews.com/better/health/indoor-plant-can-instantly
housebeautiful.com/lifestyle/